Stage Lights 36 LED RGB DJ Par Light Remote & DMX Controlled Sound Activated Uplights for Wedding Birthday Club Christmas Music Show Dance Party Stage Lighting-8 Pack
Brand: oultia
3.9 3.9 out of 5 stars    46 ratings 
Was:	$166.98 
Deal Price:	$139.98
You Save:	$27.00 (16%)
Sign in to redeem. Save 20% promo code: TELE20AB Terms
Available at a lower price from other sellers that may not offer free Prime shipping.
Extra Savings Save $5 promo code: K2N4N2N4N56Q  1 Applicable Promotion 
Eligible for Return, Refund or Replacement within 30 days of receipt  | Free Amazon tech support included 
Size: 8 PACK
Color	RGB (Red, Green, Blue)
Shape	Octagonal
Material	Metal
Finish Type	Mirror
Light Source Type	Light Emitting Diode
About this item
[rgb lights]: party light is composed of 36 high-quality LED RGB lamp beads (6 red, 6 green, 6 blue, ) with high translucency, , strong stability, service life of more than 50,000 hours.
[9 working modes]: LED stage lights have 9 function modes to meet your needs: static color, color combination, color change, color fade, DMX, master-slave, sound activated, jump mode, strobe mode.
[High-quality materials to ensure a longer service life]: The mirror surface adopts six diamond cut design, making its irradiation surface wider and more beautiful light effect. body with heat sink and a strong high-power fan, thus making the party light air volume, fast heat dissipation.
[Easy to use and install]: DJ lights can be easily set up and controlled by wireless remote control or DMX512 controller. Either professional DJ or novice can use it without pressure. With a double bracket of the light, you can hang it anywhere, feel free to place on the floor and install and adjust the lighting angle as you like.
[After-sales service guarantee]: The par lights are suitable for a variety of occasions, such as DJ, karaoke, ballroom, disco, bar, theater, church, club, bar, Halloween, Christmas, wedding, family indoor celebration party. We offer 30 days no-excuse return and warranty. If there is any problem with the product, please feel free to contact us.