Bi-Color LED Video Light, GVM 100W Photography Lighting with Bowens Mount, APP Control System, Lantern Softbox Video Lighting Kit for YouTube Outdoor Studio, Dimmable 3200K-5600K, CRI 97+
Visit the GVM Great Video Maker Store
4.4 4.4 out of 5 stars    180 ratings | 14 answered questions
-32% $269.99
List Price: $398.00 
No Import Fees Deposit & $173.42 Shipping to Sri Lanka Details 
Coupon:    

 Apply $15 coupon Shop items | Terms
Available at a lower price from other sellers that may not offer free Prime shipping.
Brand	GVM Great Video Maker
Connectivity Technology	Wi-Fi
Hardware Interface	Bluetooth
Has Self-Timer	No
Wireless Communication Technology	Wi-Fi
About this item
【APP Intelligent Control System】The video light equipped with Mobile App control system, download the app “GVMEasily” on mobile phone, and connect the WIFI “GVM_LED”, and the password is “gvm_admin”, easy to control the accurate color and temperature, effective for your video shooting.
【Master and Slave Modes】 You could set one light as the master mode and other GVM lights as slave mode, it is convenient to control all lights with the master one. Then master mode need to connect the WIFI if you would like to use the mobile APP to control all lights.
【Excellent Heat Dissipation】The light with a built-in silent fan cooling system, effectively improve heat dissipation in complex shooting environments overheating, for better protect the COB lamp bead, extend long life of the light.
【Lantern Softbox with Uniform light】GVM Lantern can be installed to use in several seconds. As filmmakers, you will be able to produce soft light wherever your shoot with the Lantern Softbox.
【Bi-color Temperature & Step-less Adjustment】The color rendering index of the light G100W model is 97+ and the TLCI is 97+, is an indicator of advanced accuracy in rendering color. The bi-color 3200K to 5600K, and brightness from 10% to 100% can provide you the real and vivid pictures effects.
Note: Products with electrical plugs are designed for use in the US. Outlets and voltage differ internationally and this product may require an adapter or converter for use in your destination. Please check compatibility before purchasing.