RORSOU R10 On-Ear Headphones with Microphone, Lightweight Folding Stereo Bass Headphones with 1.5M No-Tangle Cord, Portable Wired Headphones for Smartphone Tablet Computer MP3 / 4 (Black)
Visit the RORSOU Store
4.5 4.5 out of 5 stars    6,978 ratings | 64 answered questions
Amazon's
Choice
for "headphones for pc"
-32% $16.99
List Price: $24.99 
No Import Fees Deposit & $45.47 Shipping to Sri Lanka Details 
Color: Black

Black	
$16.99

 

Blue	
$20.99

 

Green	
$20.99

 

Grey	
$20.99

 

Pink	
$20.99

 

Purple	
$17.99

 

Red	
$20.99

Brand	RORSOU
Model Name	R10
Color	Black
Form Factor	On Ear
Connectivity Technology	Wired
About this item
Hi-fi Stereo Sound:The High-fidelity stereo sound benefits from the 40 mm audio driver, which deliver exceptionally clear sound with full dynamic range and rich bass and crisp mids and you can enjoy gorgeous deep bass / Hi-Fi stereo sound feast. Just lose yourself in the music.
Ultra-soft ear cushions and padded headband provide you a fatigue-free listening experience even wearing these on-ear headphones during a long session. Adjustable slider helps you achieve the perfect fit without constraint. You can easily use these stereo headphones for your workouts, job commute or just for listening at home.
RORSOU R10 headphones with microphone in bright colors are built meticulously with strong and sturdy plastic for long-lasting resilience and durability. Premium 4.9 ft (1.5m) nylon braiding cord doesn’t tangle or kink, suitable for adults and Children. Lightweight and foldable design make these wired headphones easy to put into your package and take along anywhere.
Easy in-line control with microphone:Friendly in-line microphone for making calls,and skipping tracks forward and back. These on ear headphones with microphone support a wide range of devices like cell phones, computers, laptops, MP3, MP4 players other 3.5mm audio jack devices.
RORSOU dedicated to providing high quality products with excellent after-sale service.180-days Hassle Free limited Protection and quick response customer Service. If you have any question, contact us and we'll get back to you within 24 hrs.
Note: Products with electrical plugs are designed for use in the US. Outlets and voltage differ internationally and this product may require an adapter or converter for use in your destination. Please check compatibility before purchasing.