Stage Light DJ Laser Light, U`King 5 Beam Effect Sound Activated DJ Party Lights RGBYC LED Projector Party Lights Music Lights with Remote Control DMX for Dancing Birthday Bar Pub Stage Lighting
Visit the U`King Store
4.2 4.2 out of 5 stars    22 ratings | 18 answered questions
Currently unavailable.
We don't know when or if this item will be back in stock.
Color: 5 BEAM

4 BEAM	
1 option from
$179.99
 

5 BEAM	
1 option from
$194.98
Color	5 BEAM
Material	Aluminum alloy
Light Source Type	Light Emitting Diode
Power Source	Corded Electric
Brand	U`King
About this item
RGBYC PARTY LIGHTS: This is a RGBYC full color laser beam stage light, it has 5 lens for projecting no only red, green, blue, yellow and cyan colors, but also other mix colorful lights. It’s also a simple animation dj laser light which can producing more than 100 images with different color combinations and multi-colored beams.
TECHNOLOGY: Using a new high speed and large angle precision motor, it can easily create some flawless laser light effects likes fan shaped effect, wave effect, zoom in and out, dot effect, flip effect etc. Even more, it still can project some animation effects, make your stage with more fun!
5 WORKING MODE: You can simply set it self-propelled mode or sound-activated mode, the random projection of pattern and beam colors to create a dynamic atmosphere. In the Sound mode, the pattern or color will be changed as the beat of music. You also can use dmx control to realize more professional effects.
LIGHT SOURCE: High brightness lights source composed of red beam 100mw, green beam 30mw, blue beam 150mw, yellow beam 30mw and cyan beam 50mw. Bright light, clear pattern and wide coverage, perfect for stage or dj lighting, disco, club, bar, birthday wedding party, family gathering etc.
NOTED: That all the amazing colorful effects need to be in “Add Smoke Environment”. If there is no smoke, only some pattern effects can be seen, but dynamic beams and scanning effects can’t be seen. Add smoke to enjoy more wonderful light effects!(ATTENTION: 1. This Light is NO glass cover. 2. It’s normal phenomenon, the built-in motor spin quickly and make a sound during the working).