DJ Lights,SAHAUHY 2 in 1 Professional Stage Lights Mixed Effect Sound Activated Party Lights for Event Disco Dance Birthday Bar Club with Remote
Brand: SAHAUHY
4.5 4.5 out of 5 stars    549 ratings | 22 answered questions
$86.55
No Import Fees Deposit & $70.04 Shipping to Sri Lanka Details 
Sign in to redeem. Save 20% promo code: TELE20AB Terms
Available at a lower price from other sellers that may not offer free Prime shipping.
Extra Savings Save $5 promo code: K2N4N2N4N56Q  1 Applicable Promotion 
Eligible for Return, Refund or Replacement within 30 days of receipt  | Free Amazon product support included 
Color	Black
Shape	Rectangular
Material	Metallic
Finish Type	Alloy,Aluminum
Light Source Type	Light Emitting Diode
About this item
[Source for DJ Lights] New 2-Beam Party Light - With red, green and a colorful ball using high-power red,green,blue yellow, orange, purple and white LED,more than 150 patterns and over 400 Graphics & Effects,illuminate uniform light and effect.
[Multiple Working Modes]The Stage Light is activated by different modes: Sound Activated,Master/Slave,Auto-Play,DMX or Remote. Whether you are a professional dj or a novice, you can easily operate.
[Sound Control Mode] The DJ Light Show will synchronize with the beat of the music, and the sensitivity of its sound activation can be modified using the remote or the panel situated at the back of the party light. When the music ceases,the DJ lights will switch off automatically.
[Product Features]This Disco Club Lights is made of high-quality aluminum alloy,with built-in fan for heat dissipation,compact and lightweight,easy to use. You can hang it up to the ceiling,wall or put it on the floor,creating a romantic and relaxing atmosphere, everything is so perfect! The Remote distance: about 26.2ft(≤8m).
HIGH-QUALITY MADE AND INTIMATE SERVICE:Our SAHAUHY Stage Light is covered with 30-Day Return and 360-Day Repair from the date that you purchased. Any questions, please feel free to contact us by our after-sale email and we will reply to you within 24 hours and help you solve any problem.