ARGIGU Smart Light Bars,RGB LED Lights with 19 Dynamic Modes and Music Sync Mode, LED TV Backlight with App Control Color Light Bars Ambient Lighting for Entertainment Gaming, PC, TV, Room Decorations
Brand: ARGIGU
4.3 4.3 out of 5 stars    44 ratings 
$29.99
No Import Fees Deposit & $51.84 Shipping to Sri Lanka Details 
Sign in to redeem. Save 20% promo code: TELE20AB Terms
Extra Savings Save $5 promo code: K2N4N2N4N56Q  1 Applicable Promotion 
Eligible for Return, Refund or Replacement within 30 days of receipt  | Free Amazon tech support included 
Color: Multicolor

Black	
$24.99

 

Multicolor	
$29.99

Color	Multicolor
Brand	ARGIGU
Special Feature	Timer
Light Source Type	LED
Power Source	Corded Electric
Light Color	Multicolor
Theme	Music
Occasion	Wedding, Christmas, Birthday
Style	Modern
Material	Polycarbonate
See more
About this item
Enhanced Entertainment Visual: These smart light bars seamlessly synchronize with your TV and sound system, creating a dynamic and lively atmospher and enhancing your home entertainment system. They can take any home theater or gaming setup to a reactive atmosphere lighting effects.
Multiple Scene Modes: LED TV Backlight creates the atmosphere you need with up to 9 dynamic scene modes to choose from. Each mode displays different colors and light effects, helping you fully immerse in your art worlds, enhance the overall ambiance of your home.
Audio Syncing: This smart TV lighting system enable to move and create rhythmic effects in sync with the sounds from your favorite movies or video games, Choose from three lighting modes (keep on, breathing, rhythmic), all greatly enhancing your movies, karaoke nights, or gaming worlds.
Smart App Control Mode: Experience ultimate flexibility and control with our RGB light bar via Smart Night Light App. Personalize your lighting with a variety of DIY colors and dynamic effects, and add some excitement with music and scene modes. Whether you're lounging in your bedroom, filming a video, or throwing a party, this smart light bar has got you covered.
Safe and Portable: Flowing led lights built with lightweight PC light shade, mild and not dazzling. It can be decorated at any living space, restaurant, hotel, or even bar. Special gift for birthday parties, anniversaries, wedding decor, New Year's Eve. These LED lights are quick to install and easy to operate.