Audio Mixer Bluetooth G-MARK Professional Mixer Usb Interface Sound Board Console System 16 Channel Digital MP3 Computer Input 48V Phantom Power Stereo DJ 24-Bit SPX Effects Mixing Console
Visit the G-MARK Store
4.2 4.2 out of 5 stars    163 ratings | 107 answered questions
$284.00
No Import Fees Deposit & $194.00 Shipping to Sri Lanka Details 
Sign in to redeem. Save 20% promo code: TELE20AB Terms
Available at a lower price from other sellers that may not offer free Prime shipping.
Extra Savings Save $5 promo code: K2N4N2N4N56Q  1 Applicable Promotion 
Eligible for Return, Refund or Replacement within 30 days of receipt  | Free Amazon product support included 
Brand	G-MARK
Number of Channels	16
Item Dimensions LxWxH	22.44 x 21.26 x 9.06 inches
Connectivity Technology	Interface,Usb,Bluetooth
Power Source	Corded Electric
About this item
16-channel mixer, 8 mono and 4 stereo line inputs with phantom power (+ 48V) and microphone preamplifier, 2 displays, MP3 , 16-channel mixer with usb mixer audio interface digital effects for PC streaming
Phantom power switch and PAD switch, G-MARK MG16MP3 studio mixer can use the condenser microphone larger frequency response and higher sound quality. The input channels with PAD switch adapt to various input signals picking up musical instruments to avoid clipping that can significantly affect mixing distortion.
Bluetooth mixer - Hassle and cable-free audio streaming ability directly to the console unit. This audio mixer can wirelessly stream music tunes from Android Smart Phone or PC with mixing board from Pandora or Spotify.
EQ and high-pass filter, precise tuning tone, the effective means is a reliable balance operation. The G-MARK MG16MP3 mixing console leverages the rich experience of audio equipment with a three-band equalizer on each mono channel, thus controlling the sound. The high-pass filter eliminates unneeded, low-frequency noise, resulting in a smooth, clear mix.
Audio interface mixer are rugged, impact-resistant powder coated metal chassis. Wavy rounded design facilitates rapid cooling, internal design, the power supply module independent of the analog circuit, which will help reduce the probability of noise, while increasing the life of internal components. Knob controller design all in the chassis surface, so from the chassis itself to the internal circuit board and the parts below, will not be any collision and extrusion.