8x15W Moving Head Beam Light with Halo, 120w RGBW 4in1 LED DJ Stage Lights, 360°Rotation Moving Head DMX 512 with Sound Activated for Stage Lighting Party Disco Club Wedding
Visit the DJXFLI Store
 
$199.99
No Import Fees Deposit & $96.50 Shipping to Sri Lanka Details 
Coupon:    

 Apply 10% coupon Shop items | Terms
Sign in to redeem. Save 20% promo code: TELE20AB Terms
Extra Savings Save $5 promo code: K2N4N2N4N56Q  1 Applicable Promotion 
Eligible for Return, Refund or Replacement within 30 days of receipt  | Free Amazon tech support included 
Color	Black
Shape	Round
Material	Metal
Finish Type	Metal,Plastic
Light Source Type	Electric
About this item
♬【ALL-ROUND LIGHTING EFFECT】♬ This stage moving head light is equipped with 8 high quality RGBW high brightness lamp beads, with clear imaging and wide irradiation range, strobe function, and stable characteristics, but also has the advantages of low power consumption, energy saving and long service life.
♬【FLEXIBLE CONTROL MODES】♬ There are 4 control modes to choose from for the professional spotlight stage lights, they are automatic, sound, DMX, and master/slave. This DJ light has 8x15W RGBW 4in1 LED beams, 96x0.3W 5050 RGB 3in1 halo effects, can translate 540 °, tilt 360 ° unrestricted rotation.
♬【HIGH-QUALITY MATERIAL】♬ This 8x15W beam moving head party light is made of high-quality engineering plastic and metal material. There is a high power cooling fan as well as a large cooling window, which can ensure maximum heat dissipation and avoid damage to the interior of the stage light due to overheating, which can greatly extending the service life. What's more, 4 foot pads can effectively avoid damage to the bottom, and the clear display makes adjustment easy.
♬【APPLICATION】♬ The 8x15W beam with halo LED moving head lights are great for weddings, DJ, clubs, KTVs, pubs, concerts, bars, banquets, birthday, ceremonies, family parties, christmas, halloween decoration, etc. This DJ lighting could definitely create an atmosphere you like!
♬【COMPLETE COLLOCATION】♬ Inside the package box of this LED moving head DJ light you should find 1 power cable, 1 user manual, 1 pcs lights, 1 pcs DMX cable, 1 pcs bow mount, 2 pcs screws install the bottom of the lights. Please check carefully that there is no damage caused by transportation.